All right guys so we finished the index page here in terms of the desktop view we will do some stuff
for a responsive design later.
Now we're gonna move to the about page.
So in this code we're going to let's actually create a new file in the disk folder.
We want to make sure you're in the dist folder and we're gonna call this about Dot H HD CML.
Now what I'm going to do is copy everything from the index and then get rid of most of it because there
is some stuff here we need such as that all the head had data.
I'm sorry had had mark up here as well as the footer and also some of the stuff from the header.
OK.
So as far as this goes is this this can all be the same.
Actually we can change the go ahead and change the title here to about me and then let's delete everything
from Section A Down to the top down to Section C..
So we want to leave the footer there.
We also want to leave the reference.
Actually I'm sorry we want to delete the reference to the typewriter script because we no longer need
that.
That's only on the home page.
OK.
And let's see in the header we're going to actually cut this down quite a bit.
So we want to change the I.D. now to head our inner we want to keep the container we want to keep the
NAV this should all be the same except we want to move the current class from home now that are on the
about page we want to move that to about K and then we can get rid of the the whole header content did
for right here you don't need that and that should be good.
Now if we save this and we go back and we go to about I'm sorry that's that's the finished product.
Let's go to about and now it looks like this.
So let's deal with the header inner obviously the image is not showing here so we're gonna jump into
main dot SPSS and go up to where we have our header stuff.
So where it says header enter here where I'm actually gonna copy the the background image grab this
background in height and in the header dash inner.
We're gonna have the same background image except I just want to change the position a little bit instead
of centre right.
I'm gonna do 20 percent on the x axis and then let's do 30 percent on the y just to kind of move it
a little bit just so the head of the guy isn't covering the logo or anything.
And then the height.
I'm just going to set to 5.5 RAM and then I also want to have a border a border on the bottom to kind
of separate it from the rest of the content which will be three pixels solid and I want to make it the
main color.
OK so if we save that and we go back it's gonna look like this.
OK so let's see now we want to deal with the rest of the.
About content and we're going to start with this area.
So this is gonna be about a It's gonna be a section and I want to use grid template areas.
So we'll have like the bio I'm sorry the bio image the bio and then award one two and three.
OK so let's go to about each GMO we'll go directly under the the header here and let's just say section
a
I guess it's the info so we're gonna create a section and let's given an I.D. of about sensor on the
about page and then a and a class of text.
Class of text stash center and let's do P Y three for some padding OK.
We also want a container to move everything to the middle we want a title so section dash title we're
gonna say about me and let's do bottom line div
K and then we're gonna do a paragraph with the class of lead and we're just going to say let me tell
you a little
about my self and what I do and then we're gonna have a class of let's do info
and this is where this this info here let's call it about info this is gonna be the grid and then the
items will be the template areas that will assign within the CSX.
So let's first have our image I'm going to give it a class of bio dash image and let's give it a source
of I am G I want to go I m g slash and C about Dot J peg right and then underneath that we're gonna
have a div with the class of bio and I want to give this a light background and so I don't we didn't
create the background classes yet but we will do that.
So I'm going to do big dash light because I wanted to have a light gray background and then let's do
an H for let's say we'll just see your project is in safe hands and if you don't like this tax you can
change it and then I'm just gonna do like let's say Lorem 30
so underneath this div of bio and BJP light we're gonna have our awards.
So let's do a class of award dash one and we're gonna use the award icons.
We want to do AI with the class of F.A. s and then F A Dash award.
And then for the size we're gonna do F A Dash three X and then let's put an H three and we'll just say
award ward one and then some text will do us we'll do Y is not.
Large ten and I'm just gonna copy the award div so we'll do two three of them and we're just going to
change the class here to to this one two three.
We'll keep the same icon.
Let's just change up this text.
This will be award two will be award three okay.
So that should be it for this section so we'll save it.
And if we go back this is what it's going to look like without styling.
So let's head into it let's let's do our utility first.
Our background colors because I want to be able to assign you know b g dark BJP light.
What else BJP main.
So we'll add those classes.
Let's put it.
Let's go under the buttons so go right here.
Backgrounds.
So let's let's take class BJP.
And then we're going to add in here and Sam Dash main which will be BJP dash main and then I'm going
to set a background of main dash colour and then for the colour.
This is where we definitely want to use set text color which is the function that we created.
And we want to pass in the same as the background.
All right.
And then I'm just going to grab this and let's have for these except this is where we're gonna change
to dark.
I'm going to do control D.
One two one time two times and then just do dark.
Okay.
Same thing here we'll do light and let's also do medium.
OK so that way we can have all the different colors as backgrounds if we want.
In the text will adapt to what it should be.
So it can contrast.
All right.
So now we have that down.
So we want to start to deal with aligning all the stuff that's in this about info class.
So we're going to do this.
Let's see in our main dot SPSS.
Let's go back below the home
this is lot of stuff in the home so that ends here.
So let's do about sections so we have about and then we want to style the A section so we'll do an %
dash a.
And we have our about Dash info.
We want to display that as grid K so grid items except we're gonna use grid template areas which we
haven't I don't think we've used in a project yet and in grid template areas is basically just a visualization
of how you want it set.
So we're gonna have the bio image and then the bio so bio is gonna extend further than the image as
you can see right here so bio and then Bio Bio.
So this is longer.
Okay.
And then down below we want the three awards.
So let's go onto the next line here and let's do we'll just say a W one a W2 and a W three.
So that's this is you know visually how we want it set up.
So we have to assign the grid areas.
Actually let me just add a grid gap first with a semicolon there and let's say grid gap and we'll do
one point two Ram.
OK.
Now under the about info let's set up our grid areas.
So we have a class of bio image they call it image here.
I am G.
So right here.
But let's do.
Yeah.
I hope we'll keep up image I guess so bio image we want to set that grid area to the bio image grid
area which is this right here we want to put this inside that our assign that to that and then let's
also grab the bio.
OK.
So Class of bio we're going to sign that grid area to bio and then I'm also gonna add just a border
left just to give it a little bit of a little bit of style.
So we'll do three pixels solid and let's make it the main color.
OK.
And then we'll just do some padding.
Let's do zero point eight Ram.
OK.
So that's that.
Now we want to do the three awards so remember we have the class of award dash one which will set to
the grid area of a W one above and then I'll just copy this and let's do award two and let's do award
three.
OK.
Now the icon for the award.
I just want to make it the the main color.
So I'm going to go down here and just grab all of them so we'll say award one too.
I'm sorry I want to grab the icon.
So I want the class of F.A. s in each one.
Yes and award dash three f.
Yes.
OK.
And then let's make the colour the main colour and I'm just going to add a little bit of margin one
room give it some space.
So let's go back and there we go.
OK.
So we set the bio to this grid area.
I'm sorry the bio image than the bio to stretch across basically two columns and then the award each
award goes in each column.
OK.
So I think we'll go ahead and stop here and in the next video we'll continue on with the progress bars
and the rest of the about page.